ok so I finally have my silicone eyelid
sue my silicon chaos eyelet you guys see
that there a gauge and yeah they were
actually I swear they're harder than a
handicapped person walking I mean I'm
saying that because it bled it was pussy
and I hurt like a mother bitch yeah so
um I actually I use my AK chamber to get
through a very fucking uncomfortable
yeah how so you guys that yeah it was
really gutting everything and I hurt
like a bitch and I had to see so have
you down here that's in the upset better
but no I Elsie's peroxide so yeah um
really company actually not that they're
actually in my ears but you know it was
very uncomfortable in the process and
really bloody and I should probably
should have done that the way I did what
I did was I took the eyelet the chaos
eyelet and put it on the edit my taper
and show the taper to my ear and just
kind of like shove the um I'll it
through I probably a bad idea and hurt
like hell I don't recommend it and yeah
so
yeah so I don't know what else to say
guys um if you're gonna put chaos I
listen lingers make sure you're doing it
right and don't like chip don't like um
be dumb like me and use a taper go for
it but it's prob gonna hurt a whole hell
of a lot more but yeah um yeah i'll keep
you guys updated on everything about my
dear stretching journey and i and q you
guys in touch with my youtube so alright
well how could you guys later